Okay, people.
PJ's birthday is this Saturday,
and everyone needs to buy him a present.
And by everyone, I mean Gabe.
And by buy him a present,
she means actually purchase one.
Not borrow or steal it.
Why are you guys picking on me?
I always get PJ a present.
Last year you wrapped up one of his shirts
and gave it to him.
And he loved it.
I can't believe my baby boy
is turning 18.
Hey, guys.
What you talking about?
All: Nothing.
What you whistling about?
Not my birthday, that's for sure.
- Hey, PJ,
- Hmm?
How would you like a pair of pants
exactly like those?
Oh, man.
Teddy, you okay?
I'm just bummed out
I have to kiss Spencer.
Your ex-boyfriend Spencer?
The one who cheated on you?
No, dad, the other Spencer in my life.
Well, why...
Why would you wanna kiss that guy?
'Cause I need a car.
Tell him more. He's lost.
Okay, so I got a new job
at Super Adventure Land.
I play the Princess.
The Princess has to kiss the frog.
And the frog is...
Spencer.
Teddy, honey, I feel for you.
I know how uncomfortable
it is to kiss your ex.
I remember this one time in college...
♪ Today's all burnt toast ♪
♪ Running late and Dad jokes ♪
♪ Has anybody seen my left shoe? ♪
♪ I close my eyes, take a bite ♪
♪ Grab a ride, laugh out loud ♪
♪ There it is, up on the roof ♪
♪ I've been there, I've survived ♪
♪ So just take my advice ♪
♪ Hang in there, baby
Things are crazy ♪
♪ But I know your future's bright ♪
♪ Hang in there, baby ♪
♪ There's no maybe ♪
♪ Everything turns out all right ♪
♪ Sure, life is up and down ♪
♪ But trust me, it comes back around ♪
♪ You're gonna love
Who you turn out to be ♪
♪ Hang in there, baby ♪
Charlie,
did you do something with Daddy's can?
No, Daddy.
Well, did you see where it went?
It's a secret.
Well, do you wanna tell Daddy the secret?
Gabe.
That's why you're my favorite.
Gabe,
did you just steal my can?
Can?
I, I don't know anything about a can.
Step away from the cupboard.
No.
No, Dad.
- Come on. Step away.
- Dad, I really don't think you want to...
...do that.
What's going on?
I'm recycling.
No kidding.
Yeah!
I'm...
I'm concerned about the environment.
I'm gonna be on this planet
for a really long time.
Now, you?
You, you've got nothing to worry about.
So, all this sudden interest in recycling
has nothing to do
with the fact that maybe...
you think you can make
a little money off it?
Oh, is that right?
I did not know that.
Huh.
Well, here's something else
you don't seem to know.
In the state of Colorado,
they don't give you money
for aluminum cans.
Oh...
Yeah, I knew that.
Oh, dad, by the way,
can you give me a ride?
Sure, where to?
Kansas.
Hey, mom, guess what?
I joined Spanish club.
Is this about taking a school trip
or meeting girls?
It's about taking a trip...
with girls.
Or as we say in Spanish,
con girls.
Yeah.
Anyway, I'm gonna need
a passport to go to Mexico,
so I'll need my birth certificate.
You need your birth certificate?
Yeah, you got it, right?
Yeah.
It's, um...
it's in my files.
I will dig it out for you.
- Thanks.
- Yeah, no problem.
Bob,
it finally happened.
PJ Wants to see his birth certificate.
We knew this day would come.
Oh, stop whimpering and man up.
Hey.
So, today is the...
day of the big kiss, huh?
Yeah, I guess so.
You look great...
uh, in that outfit.
Oh, I know. I mean,
thanks.
Look, Spencer. There's no reason
why this has to be awkward.
It's not you and I kissing.
It's just our characters. I mean...
we're professionals, right?
Yeah, right, right.
I'm as professional as a guy in a...
frog suit, making minimum wage, can be.
Well,
that's our cue.
See you out there.
Announcer: And when their joyous dance
came to an end,
the prince and the princess
sealed their love with a kiss.
Wait, Teddy.
Narrator: And the prince and the princess
walked off together
and lived happily ever after.
Bob, you had 18 years to change PJ's
birth certificate. Why didn't you?
For once, can we not play the blame game?
It's the only game we know.
Okay, look, there is
a very simple solution.
We'll just tell PJ that we can't afford
to send him to Mexico.
You want me to lie to him?
I'm in.
Hola, padre. Hola, madre.
Hola, Senor and Senora Duncan.
Hola, Emmett. Como estas?
What did she say?
- I have no idea.
- Hmm.
Uh, PJ, hey, listen.
Look, we've got some
bad news about the trip,
which is heartbreaking
considering how well you're doing...
with the Spanish.
Honey,
we can't afford to pay for your trip
to Mexico. I'm so sorry.
Actually, the Spanish club's been
having fundraisers all year.
- The trip is paid for.
- Yeah.
Won't cost you a dime. It's a free trip
to our neighbors to the north.
It's south.
Hmm, not on the way back.
Spencer?
Hey, uh, can we talk?
I, uh,
I just wanted to make sure you're okay.
No, I'm not okay.
Teddy, I feel terrible
about this, all right?
I mean, you had the job first,
and if kissing me makes you feel that bad,
then I'm just going to quit.
No, Spencer, it's not
that the kiss was bad.
It's that the kiss was...
good.
Oh.
You know, I didn't want it to be good.
In fact, I was all prepared
to be disgusted.
Thanks.
Now, I don't know what to do.
Teddy.
Hurting you was the stupidest thing
I ever did.
Will you please give me
another chance?
Did you notice that every time we kiss,
balloons appear?
Oh, good, you're seeing them too.
Come on, Charlie, say it.
I love you.
Isn't that adorable, Grandma?
Yeah, she made me call
just so she could tell you that.
Hey, listen, grandma, while I got you
on the horn, a thought occurred to me.
Every year you send me
a Christmas check for $50.
And, you know what?
I was thinking about it.
Wouldn't it be easier if you just sent me
the next ten checks all at once?
You know, kind of a like a pre-pay plan.
Gabe.
Gotta go.
Okay, out with it.
What are you trying to get this money for?
All right.
The truth is,
I want the Z-Cube Six.
A new game system?
I just got you the Z-Cube Five last year.
Yeah, last year.
It doesn't even have 3D graphics.
I might as well just use it
as a footstool.
Okay.
You are gonna have to find
another way to make money
without shaking down your relatives.
Hello?
Oh, hey, Aunt Diane.
Yeah, thanks for calling back.
Oh, what did I want?
Uh... just...
to say I, uh...
I love ya.
See what you're making me do?
Uh, PJ...
There's something I need to tell you.
Now, before I say anything,
I just want you to know,
your mother and I, we love you very much.
That doesn't sound good. What's going on?
PJ, we've been keeping a secret from you.
- What is it?
- It's about your name.
Uh... Okay.
As you know,
you were named after
your great-grandfather, Patrick John.
Yeah. Everybody called him Paddy John.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, okay, here's what you don't know.
Um...
When you were born...
I filled out the papers.
and, um, I was really nervous
and, um... I...
I, I think my hand was shaking a little,
and... here.
That is your...
legal birth certificate.
- That's what PJ Stands for?
- I'm afraid so.
My name is
"Potty John"?
Legally, yes.
Potty John.
I'm named after two toilets.
Legally,
yeah.
And you never bothered to fix this?
Well, we always meant to.
I just... We just never got around to it.
I mean, kind of like
the upstairs potty, huh?
Too soon?
So, your dad and I were talking, and...
we feel really bad that you have to
go to work every day
and kiss that horrible Spencer.
Yeah.
Horrible's kind of a...
strong word.
Anyway,
since the only reason you're doing this
is to get money for a car,
well...
come with me.
Ta-da!
Oh, what's this?
It's your new car.
Shut up!
One of the other nurses was selling it,
I got a great price,
now it's all yours.
Oh, I don't know what to say.
Teddy: Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
Get in.
And the best part is
now you can quit your job
so that you never have to go near
that jerk Spencer ever again.
Yay.
You should give it a name.
I know.
How about "The-Now-I-Don't-Have-To-
Kiss-Spencer-Anymore-Mobile"?
Or "Ed."
I kinda like Ed.
Come on in, guys.
Right this way.
The fun begins in a minute.
- Uh, Gabe.
- Yeah?
Who are these kids?
I've never seen them before.
You've never seen them because these are
the kids that never get invited anywhere.
Okay, so why are they here?
What's in it for you?
The satisfaction of bringing joy
to a few sad misfits.
Excuse me.
Yeah.
Do I give you the $20 now
or when the play date's over?
- Now's good.
- Awesome.
Gabe.
Did you see the smile
on the little scamp's face?
Mom, I had the craziest dream last night.
- Teddy: See--
- Ooh, me too.
I was in high school, only I had wings.
And all the cheerleaders
were really jealous
because I kept flying
around during our routine.
Then out of nowhere, Lady Gaga appears,
throws a shoe at me--
Okay, Mom, can we stay on me?
Anyway,
in my crazy dream,
Spencer and I got back together,
and then you guys found out,
and you took my car away.
Well, duh.
You know, Teddy, my dreams are a lot more
entertaining than yours.
Mom, I have to tell you something. I'm--
Did you know that this car
has satellite radio?
- It does?
- Mm-hmm.
Over a hundred stations.
Huh.
You were saying?
Right. Right, okay.
Um, here's the thing...
I'm--
is that an mp3 hookup?
This baby's fully-loaded.
Oh, man, you are not making this easier.
Speaking of making things easier,
Ba-bam! Your very own gas card.
Oh.
And so you don't get lost..
Ba-bam!
Your very own GPS.
Now, what was it you wanted to tell me?
Mom, I wanted to tell you
that I'm in love...
With Ed.
All right, this is from Gabe.
A $10 gift card for frozen yogurt.
There's probably about $6 left on it.
I was feeling snacky.
Okay, here's mine.
Okay.
It's a journal for your trip to Mexico.
Every day you can write
what you did, what you saw,
- how you felt about it.
- Oh!
- I love it.
- Yeah.
You didn't happen to get
a gift receipt for this, did you?
No.
Okay, here's a little something
from Mom and Dad.
All right.
Oh.
Wow. Guys, this is so generous.
It's just a little spending
money for Mexico.
Enjoy your dinero.
Do I have to spend it on dinero?
Can I use it for breakfast-o or lunch-o?
Sweetie, when you're down there,
stay close to the teacher.
Uh, there is...
one more thing we got you.
Went down to the courthouse this morning.
Finally got your birth certificate fixed.
Oh.
You are now officially PJ Duncan.
Dad, did you double-check this?
No.
Why? How could anybody
possibly mess up PJ?
Don't ask me.
According to this, my name's PP Duncan.
Journal's not looking so bad now, is it?
Well,
looks like that's all the presents, PP.
Happy birthday.
Oh, wait, there's one left.
This says it's from Charlie.
- Charlie?
- Mm-hm.
You didn't have to get me anything.
What? A new guitar.
That's just what I wanted.
How'd you guys know?
Oh, this is so cool.
Hey, Gabe.
How you liking that new Z-Cube?
Oh, I decided not to get it.
The Z-Cube seven's coming out soon.
You used that money to buy
that new guitar for your brother.
I, I don't know what you're talking about.
Oh, come on, Gabe.
All right.
If you tell anybody about this,
I will never forgive you.
Well, why would you wanna
keep this a secret?
Because...
I can't have people thinking
that I've gone soft or that...
I love my brother.
All right, all right.
Your secret is safe with me.
I'm proud of you.
You're a good kid.
See, that's the exact kind of talk
I was afraid of.
- Hey, guys.
- Hey.
Amy: Hi, honey.
There are the keys to Ed.
I'm giving him back.
What? Why?
Because you're gonna take him back anyway.
Why would we do that?
There's a secret I've been
keeping from you guys.
Come on in.
Hi, Mr. and Mrs. Duncan.
Spencer and I are dating again.
At first, I didn't wanna tell you guys
because I was afraid that you would
take away the car. I...
I figured that I had a choice to make,
either Ed or Spencer.
So, after thinking about it
for a long time--
A really...
long time.
I chose Spencer.
I decided to give him another chance.
So we're back together now and...
I'm very happy.
Well...
I'm just glad you could be honest with us.
And if you're happy,
I guess that's all that really matters.
Thanks.
What?
You're letting me keep the car?
We're letting you pay for the car.
With the job that you are going to keep.
Fair enough.
Welcome back to the family, Spencer.
And if you ever
hurt my little girl again...
Ba-bam!
Hey, Charlie. So...
big news.
This week, I got a new old boyfriend
named Spencer,
and an old new car named Ed.
Someday, if I take good care of him,
you can have him.
Oh, Ed.
Not Spencer.
That'd just be weird.
Excuse me.
What...
Who are you?
I'm Elliot.
I paid Gabe for another play date.
We're playing hide and seek,
and I've been hiding
for almost five hours.
Gabe went to baseball practice.
Oh,
I'll wait.
Well...
I guess there's
only one thing left to say.
Oh, hey!
You're here. Why don't you say it?
Good luck, Charlie.
Ed: Teddy.
Who said that?
Ed: It's me,
your car.
Ed?
You can talk?
Ed: I prefer Edward
and yes.
Oh!
So, I have a talking car?
Ooh! Does that mean we're gonna go
on adventures and solve crimes and stuff?
Ed: Well,
that sounds kind of dangerous.
I thought we'd just drive carefully
and stay within the speed limit...
and stuff.
Oh, man.
So, I have a talking car who's boring?
Ed: Oh, uh, one other thing
I have to tell you...
I don't feel so good.
Ed, Edward.
Edward, talk to me!
Ed: Gotcha!
Oh.
Ed: Not so boring now, am I?